Divide logging guide to sub-guides for every log handler (#43132)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/guides/server/logging/file.adoc

<#import "/templates/guide.adoc" as tmpl>
<#import "/templates/kc.adoc" as kc>
<#import "/templates/links.adoc" as links>
<#import "/templates/profile.adoc" as profile>
<#import "/templates/options.adoc" as opts>

<@tmpl.guide
title="File logging"
summary="Store logs into a file"
tileVisible="false"
levelOffset=2 >

As an alternative to logging to the console, you can use structured/unstructured logging to a file stored in the filesystem.
The more specific file handler configuration mentioned below will only take effect when the file logging is enabled.

== Enable file logging
Logging to a file is disabled by default. To enable it, enter the following command:

<@kc.start parameters="--log=\"console,file\""/>

A log file named `keycloak.log` is created inside the `data/log` directory of your {project_name} installation.

== Configuring the location and name of the log file

To change where the log file is created and the file name, perform these steps:

. Create a writable directory to store the log file.
+

> If the directory is not writable, {project_name} will start correctly, but it will issue an error and no log file will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the directory is not writable, {project_name} starts correctly, but it issues an error and no log file is created.
```
